Adding contribute to testing page (#412)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/Contribute-to-Testing.md

openQA is publicly available at [openqa.almalinux.org](https://openqa.almalinux.org/) and users can monitor the testing progress and see the results as screenshots and video recordings.

We have long-term goals of improving our openQA infrastructure with additional tests and expanding our openQA documentation on our wiki. If you're interested in contributing to openQA, please, see more details on the [openQA](/development/openQA) wiki page and join the [testing](https://chat.almalinux.org/almalinux/channels/testing) chat channel to stay updated and involved.

## Updated packages

AlmaLinux OS is binary compatible with RHEL® and part ways in some matters. Before releasing an updated package with a patch or security fix, the AlmaLinux OS Foundation invites the community to participate in testing before its official release. 

If you're interested in testing, please, join the [testing](https://chat.almalinux.org/almalinux/channels/testing) and [release engineering](https://chat.almalinux.org/almalinux/channels/engineeringreleng) chat channels to stay updated and involved.

> ## Migration 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migration and Upgrades
```

> AlmaLinux offers two projects for migrating your machine - the ELevate tool and the Migration tool. We're actively working on improving them with the community's help, and invite you to join the testing process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AlmaLinux offers one project for upgrading your operating system in-place ([ELevate](https://wiki.almalinux.org/elevate/)), and one for migrating to AlmaLinux([AlmaLinux-deploy](https://wiki.almalinux.org/documentation/migration-guide.html)! We're actively working on improving them with the community's help, and invite you to join the testing process. 
```

> If you're interested in participating, you can assist in testing new features, identifying and reporting bugs, resolving known issues, or expanding the documentation to make the migration process smoother - check the [Migration](/migration/) wiki section, [Migration SIG](/sigs/Migration) page and join the [Migration SIG](https://chat.almalinux.org/almalinux/channels/migration) chat channel. 

Reviewer: Let's add a bit here about where bugs should be reported for each project, because it's confusing for folks where we should be sending them.
